feat(alerts): Update issue owners fallback text and examples (#5924)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config.mdx

[Issue owners](/product/issues/issue-owners/) can receive notifications by email or Slack depending on the [notification settings](/product/alerts/notifications/notification-settings/) of the issue owner when an alert is triggered.

> If an issue owner is not configured or not found, it will fallback to the teams or members specified in the fallback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an issue owner is not configured or not found, the notification will be sent to the teams or members specified in the fallback setting:
```

> If an issue owner is not configured or not found, the notification will be sent to the teams or members specified in the fallback setting:

Reviewer: So I've just realized that while we're calling this the "fallback" rule internally, there's nothing that says this in the UI, so I think we want to make sure we call this the "fallback notification setting" going forward so it's super clear for users. I also think we should put the new image in the old image location so it's clearer that this is the setting we're talking about before introducing the options in it.
```suggestion
If an issue owner is not configured or not found, the notification will be sent to the teams or members specified in the fallback notification setting:

![Issue owners with notify all project members selected.](issue_owners_all_members.png)

```

Reviewer: @scttcper - are you good with this change?

The following members will be notified based on the option selected and their notification settings:
- All Project Members: All members that are on a team that has access to the project will be notified. This has the potential to notify a large number of people. If two teams have access to the project, all members of both teams will be notified.
- Team Admins + Recently active members: Team admins of teams that have access to the project along with 10 of the most recently logged in members.

> - Nobody: If the issue has no issue owner, no one will be notified.

Author: yes! If they have picked "Nobody" in the fallback options, nobody gets notified

> - Nobody: If the issue has no issue owner, no one will be notified.

Reviewer: Ah okay. Then I suggest taking out the first part of the sentence then because it sounds like we're indicating another condition, when the condition has already been met if you're using this setting:
```suggestion
- Nobody: No one will be notified.
```

> 
> ![Issue owners with notify all project members selected.](issue_owners_all_members.png)

Reviewer: Suggest moving this new image back up to where the old one was
```suggestion
```

[Issue owners](/product/issues/issue-owners/) can receive notifications by email or Slack depending on the [notification settings](/product/alerts/notifications/notification-settings/) of the issue owner when an alert is triggered.

If an issue owner is not configured or not found, the notification will be sent to the teams or members specified in the fallback notification setting:

![Issue owners with notify all project members selected.](issue_owners_all_members.png)

> 
> The following members will be notified based on the option selected and their notification settings:
> - All Project Members: All members that are on a team that has access to the project will be notified. This has the potential to notify a large number of people. If two teams have access to the project, all members of both teams will be notified.
> - Recently Active Members: The 20 most recently logged in members that have access to the project
> - Nobody: No one will be notified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The following members will be notified based on the option selected and their notification settings:
- **All Project Members:** Every team member who has access to the project will be notified. This could potentially notify a large number of people. If two teams have access to the project, every member of both teams will be notified.
- **Recently Active Members:** The 20 most recently logged-in members, who have access to the project.
- **Nobody:** No one will be notified.
```
